hi everyone this is the tea rose and I'm
going to call this one bait rumba and
push up into nice neat chunks the Tea
Rose has got real rose boards on the top
and it does smell absolutely delicious
really really lovely fragrance I much
prefer it to ordinary rules it's really
good and the bear Romberg magnificent as
you can see I put lots of poppy seeds in
there nice exfoliant for the men and I
was also going to try to assure you the
knife i use for cutting and try to cut
some of the saw hopefully we can get it
on the camera there and so will just
move some of this out the way now i'm
just going to clean my knife I don't
want to show you existed in Seoul and
i'll show you the type and I'll fire you
it's called a global knife and it's very
narrow so you can cook very straight
with it is quite deep and very very
sharp and what I do like about it
because it's narrow you can cook very
even slices and sore now I like my
shorts in just a little chunk rather
than a slight especially for the court
process up puts really nice it's
hardening up nice to already
I will do with sliced just saw that I
can show you how neatly is put and
Howie's in the airport and that's what I
like about it the fact that it is sim
with from the top and underneath it is
them with all the way down I'm really
pleased with these soft again I'll see
usual account where to get home to make
another one and these are going to be
ready on my website in five and a half
weeks I'm going to be starting to put
some of the soaps online there are met
weeks and weeks ago and they're just
about ready to go one of them I
absolutely adore it's like a toffee
vanilla with them it's got poppy seeds
in as well it smells absolutely
fantastic just delicious and it feels
sensational on the skin and the
dismissal just feel fabulous on the skin
and I like the glycerin because you can
get a lot more fragrance in it but this
does just feel much creamier when you
use it and not as many bubbles of the
glycerin and the difference morin oily
feel where this is just a really creamy
feel and what I love about this type of
saw the call process is that every
single soap has a creamy background
smell to it no matter what fragrance you
are so hope you like the look of those
and I'll see you next time